hello everyone I just have a quick
announcement this channel has reached
New
Heights it's finally at 10 million
views I want to thank each and every
single one of you who have helped this
channel get to where it
is look we have
48,000 almost subscribers here
and it's taken me a long time I've been
doing this since
2011 it has been a very slow process
along the way I have made well over a
thousand
videos and my premise has been the same
throughout for the most
part and I believe that all along
we need to help each other because real
change comes from the
Grassroots we need to share information
with each
other we know that over time things are
going to continue to get
worse so we need to help each other out
I hope that my work
has had at least some some small effect
on the things that you
do I don't think
I'm necessarily changing the world but I
just want to have a positive
effect that's all that's my goal is to
have a positive effect for people over
the years I've received so
many emails
comments so much
positivity and it has been such a great
experience so
far of course there's the negative side
and that is you know you put a lot of
effort
in and yet you get
the you know individuals out there who
say some negativity and I think it's you
know it's their opinion and that's
fine I will say right now that I find it
very very strange
that somebody actually multiple people
in fact they subscribe to my channel
specifically just to badmouth me on
essentially every video that I do I
think that's weird of course it's creepy
in a
way but it's just strange I I just think
that's a very strange Behavior to
actually subscribe to a channel to spend
time
commenting to try and put people down I
just I don't understand why somebody
would do that anyway but I'm very glad
to know that there are so many people
out there who are giving their
positivity who are making a difference
in this world so thank you each and
every single one of
you